Agreement on Compatibility (#68)
genexuslabs/JavaClasses: README.md

 The site for each module can be found at <project dir>\target\site\index.html

  ![Site](site.png)
  
  ## Agreement on Compatibility from now on
  

>   Interfaces started to be used in this refactoring process, and GeneXus SA commits evolving some of them maintaining compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  With interfaces now in place since the v16 Upgrade 4 release, GeneXus SA commits to evolve them while maintaining compatibility.
```
Me parece que pondría algo así para que no quede out-of-date pronto y sea más directo con el compromiso de compatibilidad. Creo que la parte del refactoring es medio irrelevante para este punto.
